ENG-11074: Add env vars to inject certificates (#15)
cyral-quickstart/quickstart-sidecar-express: ADVANCED.md

# Advanced configuration

## Certificates

_Added in sidecar version v4.7_

To provide a custom certificate to the sidecar, include the following
environment variables in an env file:

```shell
CYRAL_SIDECAR_TLS_CERT=        # x509 TLS certificate
CYRAL_SIDECAR_TLS_PRIVATE_KEY= # private key corresponding to TLS cert
CYRAL_SIDECAR_CA_CERT=         # x509 CA certificate
CYRAL_SIDECAR_CA_PRIVATE_KEY=  # private key corresponding to CA cert
```

Provide the env file to the script with the variable `envFilePath`.

> Note that the contents of these environment variables **must be encoded in
> base64**. For instance, if your TLS certificate has the following contents in
> the `tls-cert.pem` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note* The contents of these environment variables **must be encoded in
base64**
If, for example, your TLS certificate has the following contents in
the `tls-cert.pem` file:
```
